# Contributing guidelines:

## Workflow for contributing

1. Any member of the public may create an Issue in Github.
2. Any member of the Cerebros enterprise technical community of L2 career progression standing or higher may triage the issue, make recommendations for prioritization, and create a branch. Branches should be created from within Github issues. Proposed changes may be drafted by anyone authorized or assigned by the same. This may include a member of the public that wishes to make the changes.
3. Upon satisfaction with the proposed changes, the contributor will submit a pull request through Github. 
4. Changes will be reviewed by the CTO of Cerebros Enterprise for approval to merge, or in their absence, any member of the Cerebros Enterprise community assigned L5 or higher career progression standing. Upon approval, changes will be merged in. To be eligible to merge in, all tests on `https://github.com/david-thrower/cerebros-core-algorithm-alpha/blob/main/.github/workflows/automerge.yml` must pass. Any new feature created, will require an addition of additional tests similar to the existing which verify that the new functionality is stable to be added to the auto-merge workflow.. Additionally, proposed changes are reviewed on the basis of a diagonal plane decision making model, where the overall risks and benefits of a given proposed change are wholistically considered. Decisions to add functionality will be conservative and will prioritize strongly, the stability of the existing functionality of the algorithm and API over the perfection of the future versions of the same. Our intent to obtain a successful SOC II audit is a driving force in this difficult stance, which admittedly can slow development.
5. David Thrower retains copyright of the community edition and enterprise edition of Cerebros remains the property of Cerebros Enterprise, and the license remains unchnaged, unless changed internally by the respective owners.   
